[CLD-7064] Mattermost Operator + Helm Documentation Updates (#6895)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-kubernetes.rst

Install the operators
---------------------

Nginx Ingress Controller

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: RST heading order: 

title: ====
H1: ----
H2: ~~~~
H3: ^^^^

These need to be H2 rather than H3, please. Also, heading syntax must be the full length of title text, else a build error is thrown.

> For instructions on installation the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
For instructions on installating the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.
```

> For instructions on installating the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
For instructions on installing the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.
```

> For instructions on installation the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `Kubernetes deployment documentation <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__ for details on installing the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Mattermost Operator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> There are multiple options for installation of the Mattermost Kubernetes Operator. We recommend deployment with Helm, but installation instructions via the Kubernetes CLI can also be found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to install the Mattermost Kubernetes Operator. We recommend deploying with Helm, but installation instructions via the Kubernetes CLI can also be found below.
```

Install the operators
---------------------

Nginx Ingress Controller
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
For instructions on installation the NGINX ingress controller in your Kubernetes cluster, click `here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/>`__.

Mattermost Operator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are multiple options for installation of the Mattermost Kubernetes Operator. We recommend deployment with Helm, but installation instructions via the Kubernetes CLI can also be found below.

With Helm
^^^^^^^^^

> 1. Install Helm. We recommend Helm v3.4.0 or later. For installation instructions, click `here <See: https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#quickstart>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install Helm. We recommend Helm v3.13.0 or later. For installation instructions, click `here <See: https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#quickstart>`__.
```

2. Once Helm is installed and initialized, run the following:

  .. code-block:: sh
    :class: mm-code-block 

    helm repo add mattermost https://helm.mattermost.com

3. Create a file named ``config.yaml``, then copy and paste the content of `this file <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-helm/blob/master/charts/mattermost-operator/values.yaml>`__ into it.

  .. tip::

>       This will be your configuration file for the Mattermost Operator chart. If left as-is, the Mattermost-Operator will utilize the MySQL Operator, and Minio Operator - **these operators are not recommended for production usage**. You an customize your deployment at any time by updating the relevant values in ``config.yaml``.

Reviewer 2: We got rid of the other operators with v1.0.0 of the chart so let's go ahead and remove this.

>   .. tip::
>       This will be your configuration file for the Mattermost Operator chart. If left as-is, the Mattermost-Operator will utilize the MySQL Operator, and Minio Operator - **these operators are not recommended for production usage**. You an customize your deployment at any time by updating the relevant values in ``config.yaml``.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    stringData:
      license: <LICENSE_FILE_CONTENTS>

> 2. Create an installation manifest file ``mattermost-installation.yaml`` locally, and open it with a text editor. Copy and paste the below YAML structure, and make any necessary adjustments for your configuration and environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an installation manifest file ``mattermost-installation.yaml`` locally, and open it with a text editor. Copy and paste the YAML structure below, and make any necessary adjustments for your configuration and environment. 
```

        version: <VERSION_HERE>                       # Select a recent supported version of Mattermost. Example = 9.3.0
        licenseSecret: ""                             # If you created a license secret in step 1, put the secret name here
    
  .. note::
    While file names are provided, your file names can be different. The file names in this tutorial are used for clarity and organization.

>   Here is a list of supported fields in the installation manifest file:

Author: ```suggestion
  Some of the most commonly-used fields include:
```

        version: <VERSION_HERE>                       # Select a recent supported version of Mattermost. Example = 9.3.0
        licenseSecret: ""                             # If you created a license secret in step 1, put the secret name here
    
  .. note::
    While file names are provided, your file names can be different. The file names in this tutorial are used for clarity and organization.

>   Here is a list of supported fields in the installation manifest file:

Reviewer 2: It's great that you added more information on other available fields, but there are a lot more that aren't covered stillk so wondering if we want to keep the wording here closer the original to imply that the following list is incomplete.

    "spec.elasticSearch.username", "Username to log into Elasticsearch."
    "spec.elasticSearch.password", "Password to log into Elasticsearch."
    "spec.scheduling.resources", "Resource requests and limits of pod and container (Kubernetes)."
    "spec.scheduling.nodeSelector", "Node selector for assigning pods to nodes (Kubernetes)."
    "spec.scheduling.affinity", "Affinity and anti-affinity for assigning pods to nodes (Kubernetes)."

  More information on these additional fields can be found `in this example <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator/blob/master/docs/examples/mattermost_full.yaml>`__. If you have previous experience with Kubernetes Custom Resources, you can also check the `Custom Resource Definition <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator/blob/master/config/crd/bases/installation.mattermost.com_mattermosts.yaml>`__.

3. Create a file ``mattermost-database-secret.yaml`` to house secrets related to your installation's database. The database secret needs to be created in the namespace that will hold the Mattermost installation. The secret should contain the following data:

  .. code-block:: yaml

>     apiVersion: v1

Reviewer: add an extra space between the `code-block` directive and the code sample

    "spec.scheduling.nodeSelector", "Node selector for assigning pods to nodes (Kubernetes)."
    "spec.scheduling.affinity", "Affinity and anti-affinity for assigning pods to nodes (Kubernetes)."

  More information on these additional fields can be found `in this example <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator/blob/master/docs/examples/mattermost_full.yaml>`__. If you have previous experience with Kubernetes Custom Resources, you can also check the `Custom Resource Definition <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator/blob/master/config/crd/bases/installation.mattermost.com_mattermosts.yaml>`__.

3. Create a file ``mattermost-database-secret.yaml`` to house secrets related to your installation's database. The database secret needs to be created in the namespace that will hold the Mattermost installation. The secret should contain the following data:

  .. code-block:: yaml

    apiVersion: v1
    data:
      DB_CONNECTION_CHECK_URL: <DB_CONNECTION_CHECK_URL>
      DB_CONNECTION_STRING: <DB_CONNECTION_STRING>
      MM_SQLSETTINGS_DATASOURCEREPLICAS: <MM_SQLSETTINGS_DATASOURCEREPLICAS>
    kind: Secret
    metadata:

>       name: my-postgres-connection

Reviewer 2: nit: you noted that the metadata.name value should be set below in the filestore secret. We should probably do the same here.

Reviewer: @nickmisasi - Has this feedback been incorporated into the PR?

Author: Latest commit has the update.
